All these accidents
Could be a big conspiracy
And the population at that time was angry
Maybe it's nothing.
What do you mean?
The doctor did it.
The doctor who operated on you
My name is Liu Hui
The day after surgery, he called the hospital to resign
Haven't found it yet
And I've been looking for him
But still no impression
If it's a conspiracy
Is it the same as Shen Wanci?
I thought the child was left behind
When he learns the truth about the child
He let someone hit me
Let me stay
So until everything is investigated
You'd better take it at home
It will be more reassuring
The president's bodyguard was negligent for a while
The shadow doctor who delivered the wife ran away
They found him dead.
What's the use of you?
Liu Fang recently
Rarely go out
But I went home today
Top me
Sister Qiao Qiao is recovering well
You can move around as usual.
Director Chen
Is Dr. Wang Jie, who delivered my baby, here today?
Wang Jie
He passed away some time ago.
Quite sudden
Why did he die?
Sister Wang, everything is fine.
Just a little bit wrong
Love to gamble and listen to colleagues
He was watching football at the bar that night
He was just so excited.
I had a heart attack.
All the accidents this time
There may be a big cause and effect behind him
Ok, thank you Mr. Chen.